User profiles.
User profiles are what allows you to, for instance,
in business to travel from one computer to another and have all of
your files and settings with you or by contrast to have multiple
people share the same computer and each person maintaining their
own documents and settings.
In Windows XP,
we had our user profile stored under the C Documents and
Settings heading and you notice that there are different
folders for different purposes, My Documents,
the Desktop folder, the Start menu shortcuts,
it's a personalized environment per user.
Now in Windows 10, the user profiles are basically the same.
The path has been changed.
Years ago, I'm trying to remember if it was Windows 7,
I think, that gave us the shorter path, C Users,
instead of C Documents and Settings, but under your C Users folder,
each user who logs onto that computer will receive his or her own set of
user profile starter folders and then as you go on,
there'll be more added.
Now I have File Explorer configured to show hidden files.
So you notice I have a number of dot folders, as they're called.
If you're familiar with Mac OS or Linux,
you know that hidden folders always start with a period,
that same convention is used by some applications in Windows 10.
For instance,
I have the Secure Shell program installed and I store my encryption keys in.
SSH.
Remember, if you have hidden files hidden,
we wouldn't see those dot folders by default.
There are other folders that aren't dot named, but are still hidden.
You notice my AppData folder looks a little bit lighter in
shade for many of the other folders.
This is a very important folder for troubleshooting.
Basically,
many of your applications in Windows 10 will store some of
your preferences inside that app data folder,
and really,
the reason why Microsoft hides system files and special folders like this
by default is to make it impossible for a user to think well I'm going to
"clean" my computer and delete a folder that could have catastrophic
repercussions including data loss.
As a power user though,
I would get familiar with how to show hidden files and I'll make sure you know how to do that in the demo.